Machine Learning
    It is the subset of ai its main focus is learning from data and develop algorithm that can help make predictions.
    It is data driven approach it uses historic data to train  the model and it is used to make predictions on new data.

 supervised learning
     technique where an algorithm is trained on a labeled dataset to predict the class or category of new, unseen data.

     Types of Supervised learning
     
     Classification : It is used to group data by predicting a categorical labels for example spam filter in email box.

        Types of Classification : 

            Logistic Regression : It is a classification algorithm that is used to find the probability  that a instance belongs to a particular class or not.

            Decision Tree : it is machine learning algorithm that is uses decision as a feature to represent the result made by algorithm in a tree  like structure.

            Random Forest ut is a machine learning algorithm that is combines the results of each decision tree before maing any prediction .

            SVM : It is a machine learning  algorithm that is used to classify data in n dimentional space by drawing a hyplane that separate data            
     
            Naive Bayes : It is a machine learning algorithm that uses bayes theorem to classify data.It is mostly used for teext classification.

            KNN algorithm : It is a machine learning algorithm that is very simple and easy and to find the new class it finds euclidean distance and find k nearest values and on the basis of voting it calculates the results.

     Regression : It is used if their is some relationship between input and output data It is used to  continuous variable such as weather forcasting or market trend.

     Types of Regression 

            Linear Regression : It is a machine learning algorithm that is used to make linear relationship  between dependent and independent variables by fiiting linear equation.




Unsupervised leaning it is machine learning technique in which algorithm discover patterns and discover relationship using unlabled dataset.

Reinforcement learning where machine learns from feedbacks

AI - it is the branch of computer science that focus on creating a system that is cable of performing operation that require human intelligence.
